cyber.md, before:

===
logo=shield.png
title=Penetration Test Report
date=\today

author=CU Cyber
address1=Address
address2=Address2

company=Wheelz
===

# Executive Summary

Lorum ipsum...

# Objectives and Scope

* asdf
  1. asdf
  2. asdf
* fdsa
  - test

1. ordered
  * asdf
2. hello
2. test

# Impact Summary

# Identified Strengths

# Results Summary

# Vulnerability Details

## Default or Weak Credentials

---
rating=critical
description=
	asdf
	asdf
	asdf
	asdf
impact=
	asdf
recommendation=
	asdf
---

---
rating=high
description=
	asdf
	asdf
	asdf
	asdf
impact=
	asdf
recommendation=
	asdf
---

---
rating=medium
description=
	*asdf*
	**asdf**
	***asdf***
	_asdf_
impact=
	__asdf__
recommendation=
	___asdf___
---

---
rating=low
description=
	[asdf](https://cucyber.net/)
	asdf & asdf
	asdf
	asdf
impact=
	asdf
recommendation=
	asdf
---

# Recommendations

# Conclusion

In conclusion^not actually a conclusion^, ...


# Appendix A: Attack Narrative

## Nmap shell

```c
int main() {
	return 0;
}
```

```
$ nmap -A 
```

...
graphic=test_shield.png
caption=Nmap results
label=fig:nmap
...

In $fig:nmap$, you see that a shell backdoor has been found. Also, "asdf" 'asdf'.

Commit message:

add footer to title page

cyber.md, after:

===
logo=shield.png
title=Penetration Test Report
date=\today

author=CU Cyber
address1=Address
address2=Address2

company=Wheelz

footer=
	Sensitive: The information in this document is not to be disclosed outside of [company] or [author] without prior written consent of both organizations.
===

# Executive Summary

Lorum ipsum...

# Objectives and Scope

* asdf
  1. asdf
  2. asdf
* fdsa
  - test

1. ordered
  * asdf
2. hello
2. test

# Impact Summary

# Identified Strengths

# Results Summary

# Vulnerability Details

## Default or Weak Credentials

---
rating=critical
description=
	asdf
	asdf
	asdf
	asdf
impact=
	asdf
recommendation=
	asdf
---

---
rating=high
description=
	asdf
	asdf
	asdf
	asdf
impact=
	asdf
recommendation=
	asdf
---

---
rating=medium
description=
	*asdf*
	**asdf**
	***asdf***
	_asdf_
impact=
	__asdf__
recommendation=
	___asdf___
---

---
rating=low
description=
	[asdf](https://cucyber.net/)
	asdf & asdf
	asdf
	asdf
impact=
	asdf
recommendation=
	asdf
---

# Recommendations

# Conclusion

In conclusion^not actually a conclusion^, ...


# Appendix A: Attack Narrative

## Nmap shell

```c
int main() {
	return 0;
}
```

```
$ nmap -A 
```

...
graphic=test_shield.png
caption=Nmap results
label=fig:nmap
...

In $fig:nmap$, you see that a shell backdoor has been found. Also, "asdf" 'asdf'.
